20 TOEIC Tips
20 TOEIC Tips
1. Set a goal
So, you've decided to take the TOEIC test. Congratulations! The first thing you 
should do is set a goal. If you are taking the test in order to apply for a job, find out 
what proficiency level is required. Most entry level positions require a minimum 
score of 600. Management positions may require a higher score, such as 800.
Choose a goal that is achievable. If you aim too high, you will be disappointed. 
Remember, you can take the test as often as you want if you don't mind paying the 
fee.
2. Understand the test
Before you start studying for the test, make sure you understand the format of each 
section. You will be tested on your listening and reading comprehension skills. By 
doing model or practice tests, you will become very familiar with the TOEIC. The 
test should become "second nature" to you before you attempt the real thing.
3. Make a study plan
Procrastination is one of the key reasons students fail the TOEIC test. You may 
book your TOEIC test months in advance. However, the day you decide to take the 
TOEIC test should be the day you start to study.
You will have to decide whether or not you are going to teach yourself the TOEIC 
with reliable resources or whether you are going to take a TOEIC preparation class. 
In order to get the best results, you should do both. If you cannot afford to take a 
TOEIC class, make sure to choose a TOEIC textbook that has explanatory answers. 
You will also want to have a teacher or tutor that you can go to from time to time 
with questions.
If you choose a TOEIC class, make sure that you trust your teacher and feel 
comfortable in his or her class. Take a class with a friend and make a commitment 
to study together in and outside of class.
Studying at the same time every day is a great way to improve your score. Write 
down your study plan and sign it!
4. Divide study time appropriately
The TOEIC is divided into seven sections. Each section is worth a certain amount of 
points. Don't spend too much time studying one section. Many students make the 
mistake of studying the section that they enjoy the most. This is the section you 
should spend the least amount of time on.
You might want to divide your study week by focusing on a certain section each 
day. Remember, if Sunday is your day to practice Part VII (40 questions on the test), 
you might have to study twice as long as you would on Monday when you focus on 
Part I (20 questions on the test).
5. Build a strong vocabulary
Another reason students fail the TOEIC test is that they have a very limited 
vocabulary. The day you decide to take the TOEIC test you should make yourself a 
blank dictionary. Use a notebook (an address book works great because it is divided 
into letters) and keep track of all of the new words you learn along the way. It is not 
useful to study vocabulary lists. You will only remember words that you have seen 
in context. For each entry, write the word and use it in a sentence. At the end of each 
week you should write a short letter or composition using as many of the words as 
you can.
This might also be the time to stop using your translation dictionary. Electric 
dictionaries make things too simple! You will not remember the word if it doesn't 
take any effort to understand it.
Keep in mind that the TOEIC test has a business theme. You should study 
vocabulary from topics such as travel, banking, health, restaurants, offices, etc. You 
will also want to learn everyday idiomatic expressions.
6. Isolate your weak points
After you have been studying the TOEIC for a while, you will find out which parts 
give you the most trouble. You might want to change how you divide your time. 
There are certain grammar points that many students have trouble with. If you are 
taking a TOEIC class, ask your teacher to bring in extra homework help on 
problems like these. If you are studying by yourself, find a good reference book in 
the library and look up your question. There may also be help on the Internet. For 
example, type "gerunds" into a search engine and you will probably find a useful 
exercise.
7. Eliminate distractors
In every TOEIC question, there are at least two distractors (wrong answers that the 
test writer uses to trick you). It is much easier to choose the correct answer when 
you have only two to choose from. (The third choice is often impossible and easy to 
spot.) There are many types of distractors such as, similar sounds, homonyms, 
repeated words, etc. As you study, make yourself a list of distractors. When you 
come across them you will be able to eliminate them more easily.
8. Trust your instincts
Sometimes an answer will jump out at you as either correct or incorrect. If you have 
been studying hard, chances are that your brain is telling you which choice to pick. 
Don't change your answers after following your instinct. If you do decide to change 
an answer, make sure that you erase very carefully. A machine will be marking your 
test. Be sure to use a pencil and fill in your circle choice completely. Bring extra 
pencils, erasers, and a pencil sharpener!
9. Don't try to translate
Translating vocabulary and sentences wastes a lot of time. It is very rare that 
students have extra time during the TOEIC test. If you don't know a word, look at 
the context of the sentence and the words around it. You will not be allowed to use a 
dictionary when you take the test.
10. Guess as a last resort
On test day, if you don't know the answer, and you have eliminated all of the 
distractors you can, don't leave the space blank. There is a good chance you will not 
have time to go back to this question. You still have a 25% chance of getting the 
answer right if you guess. If you are sure that one or two of the answers are 
incorrect, your guess is even more likely to be correct!
11. Be aware of time management
When you are doing practice tests, you should always be aware of the time. Never 
allow yourself an open ended study session. You will have to learn to work 
efficiently.
On test day, you should be especially careful in the Reading section. You will have 
75 minutes to complete Parts V, VI and VII. Many students spend too long on 
section V or VI because they find these the most difficult. Don't spend more than 30 
minutes on the first two parts. Part VII will take you at least 40 minutes, and it is 
worth a lot of points, especially if you find it an easier section.
12. Listen quickly
When you are studying for the TOEIC test, do not get in the habit of rewinding the 
tape. On test day you won't have any control over the speed of the listening section. 
You will not even have time to think for very long between questions. Make sure 
that you do not get behind during the real test. If you do not know the answer, take 
your best guess. Then continue to follow along. Don't look back at questions when 
you are waiting for another question to start.
13. Practise reading aloud
Reading out loud will help your listening and reading comprehension skills. In order 
to comprehend English more quickly, it is important that you understand the rhythm 
of the language. Read from textbooks, pamphlets, newspapers, and even children's 
novels. You might want to tape yourself and listen to how you sound.
14. Use mass media
One of the best ways to prepare for the TOEIC test is to study real English. Watch 
television, listen to radio reports, and read newspapers and magazines. Pay special 
attention to ads, letters, weather and traffic reports, coupons, and special 
announcements. Do this with a friend, and write out questions for each other to 
answer. This is a great way to practice your wh-questions. It is also a great way to 
learn common idiomatic expressions.
15. Use free web sites
There are many web sites that offer free model tests and samples. Type TOEIC into 
your search engine and start practising! Surfing the web is a great way to practise 
your reading and listening. If you are interested in a certain topic, such as 
snowboarding, type that into a search engine. You might want to reserve an hour a 
day for Internet studying. Just make sure to study English and don't get caught 
wasting hours playing games!
16. Teach a native English speaker your language
If you can't afford a tutor, you might know a native English speaker who would be 
interested in learning your first language. Tell him you will teach him for free for 
one hour a week! You will have to use English to teach him, and you will learn 
many new English words and expressions at each session. Forcing yourself to teach 
someone a language will help you to understand English grammatical rules as well. 
Do anything you can to speak with native English speakers.
17. Keep an English journal
Keeping a journal doesn't have to be an account of your daily activities. You can 
write anything in a journal, such as how your studying is coming along, what your 
new favourite word is and why, or which teacher you admire. If you are studying 
TOEIC with a friend, make a list of writing topics for each other. You might decide 
to write a paragraph three times a week. Get your friend to try to find your mistakes. 
Finding your partner's writing errors is great practice for Part V and VI.
18. Ask questions
Never hesitate to ask lots of questions. In a TOEIC class, all of the students will 
benefit from your question. If you don't understand something, such as conditionals, 
you may lose ten points on a TOEIC exam. A teacher is not always available, but 
students are everywhere! Sometimes other students can help you with a grammar 
problem even better than a teacher.
19. Manage your stress
If you are feeling stressed about taking the TOEIC you may be studying too hard or 
expecting too much of yourself. Like everything else in life, balance is the key. 
Remind yourself that you will try to do your best. Before the test, take deep breaths 
and remember that you can always improve your score in a few months time. In 
between the listening and reading section, take a few deep breaths again to get 
focused.
20. Don't cram
You should never cram (study extremely hard in a short period of time) the night or 
even week before the TOEIC test. There is so much to learn when you study the 
TOEIC. The last week should be for reviewing and practising rather than learning 
new things. Make sure to get plenty of sleep the night before the test. On the day of 
the test, have a good meal and relax for a few hours before going to the testing 
centre. Plan to reward yourself when the test is over!
20 TOEIC Tips
