[해커스토익] 2013년 9월 김동영 선생님 예상문제 
http://www.Hackers.co.kr 
101. Customers may opt to use either cash or credit cards as -
------ forms of payment are acceptable. 
(A) if  
(B) yet  
(C) both  
(D) though 
102. Laboratory testing has shown that Glisten's toothpaste 
has ------- advantages over competing products on the market. 
(A) defines 
(B) definite  
(C) definition 
(D) definitely 
103. Joseph Abramov signed a three-year contract ------- to 
continue playing right wing for the Edmonton Edge hockey 
team. 
(A) correction 
(B) reservation 
(C) extension  
(D) conclusion 
104. Students are permitted to use the restroom as often as 
they like ------- the test, but they will not be given any extra 
time as a result. 
(A) during  
(B) following 
(C) regarding 
(D) toward 
105. To avoid any delays with the processing of loan requests, 
applicants are asked to read the instructions on the form ------- 
before filling it out. 
(A) normally 
(B) evenly 
(C) seriously 
(D) carefully  
106. Bachman Pharmaceuticals has advertised an opening for 
a professional ------- to handle affairs at its branch office in Abu 
Dhabi. 
(A) administering 
(B) administrator  
(C) administration 
(D) will administer 
107. Indore is a popular choice among diners in the area 
because each dish ------- using only the freshest ingredients 
that the chef himself selects. 
(A) prepared 
(B) prepares 
(C) is prepared  
(D) is preparing 
108. The small island nation of Cuba was ------- the world's 
leading producer of sugar, but it has since been overtaken by 
other countries around the world.   
(A) only 
(B) often 
(C) once  
(D) outside 
109. Mr. Feldman wants all the supervisors to come        --
----- his office after lunch for a brief meeting about this 
weekend's event. 
(A) at 
(B) by  
(C) across 
(D) from 
110. As customers exited the shopping mall, representatives 
from a marketing agency ------- comments about their 
experience. 
(A) picked 
(B) arranged 
(C) gathered  
(D) shared 
[해커스토익] 2013년 9월 김동영 선생님 예상문제 
http://www.Hackers.co.kr 
111. The Children's Museum of Toronto received a special  ---
---- from a national agency for its valuable contributions to 
science education. 
(A) reputation 
(B) commendation  
(C) admiration 
(D) intention 
112. Mr. Addams successfully closed a six-year deal with 
Bentham Retail, for which ------- was paid a sizeable 
commission. 
(A) he  
(B) his 
(C) him 
(D) himself 
113. When you arrive at the immigrations counter, you will be 
asked to show your passport and ------- the purpose of your 
visit. 
(A) display  
(B) release 
(C) speak  
(D) state  
114. Amanda had wanted to open a booth at the crafts fair 
held last weekend but ------- missed the deadline for 
registration. 
(A) accordingly 
(B) habitually 
(C) immediately 
(D) unfortunately  
115. When Alex went to see the advertised apartment in 
person, he found it to be ------- smaller than he had imagined 
from the photos he saw on the Internet. 
(A) considered 
(B) considerable 
(C) considering 
(D) considerably  
116. The fliers ------- this weekend's product launch were 
delivered to the warehouse this morning and are being loaded 
into the company's vans. 
(A) of 
(B) for  
(C) about 
(D) including 
117. The Santa Fe Historical Museum hosts a special exhibit 
just once every quarter, but its ------- collection is open year-
round. 
(A) steady 
(B) stable 
(C) permanent  
(D) repetitive 
118. ------- there are no more questions from the audience, the 
speaker may give some closing remarks before everyone 
proceeds to the banquet hall for lunch. 
(A) Unless  
(B) Provided  
(C) Besides 
(D) Whenever 
119. Dr. Gregory is not a member of the National Dental 
Association but a closely ------- member of the Organization of 
Dental Professionals. 
(A) attached 
(B) affiliated  
(C) assembled 
(D) accompanied 
120. ------- only for gas, it took the truck driver nearly 12 hours 
to deliver the shipment of goods from Kansas City to Grand 
Rapids. 
(A) Stop 
(B) Stops 
(C) Stopped 
(D) Stopping  
[해커스토익] 2013년 9월 김동영 선생님 예상문제 
http://www.Hackers.co.kr 
121. According to Maggies' physician, ------- rising during the 
night could be a sign that she has some minor trouble 
breathing in her sleep. 
(A) frequented 
(B) frequently  
(C) frequenting  
(D) frequency 
122. On the first floor ------- the payment counter and the row 
of travel books is a display case containing bookmarks, pens, 
and other accessories.  
(A) between  
(B) inside 
(C) throughout 
(D) underneath 
123. The technician determined that a hardware malfunction 
did not cause the computer to stop working and is looking at ---
---- possible sources of the problem. 
(A) one 
(B) other  
(C) every 
(D) another 
124. Six months after Ms. Gemano first presented her 
proposal to open a branch office in China, the board ------- 
agreed and appointed her to manage the project.  
(A) closely 
(B) formerly 
(C) normally 
(D) finally  
125. The newly elected mayor of Tulsa, Mr. Frank Sullivan, 
encouraged citizens to become involved ------- in issues that 
concern their welfare. 
(A) active 
(B) most active 
(C) activity 
(D) more actively  
126. As the ------- of this year's National Literary Awards, Ms. 
Calhoun will be honored at a formal banquet attended by other 
authors and respected members of the publishing industry.  
(A) successor 
(B) recipient  
(C) graduate 
(D) apprentice 
127. The decorator wasn't sure which of ------- wallpaper 
patterns you wanted to use for the living room, so she's 
brought them here for you to look at. 
(A) this 
(B) that 
(C) these  
(D) either 
128. An article that ------- in last month's issue of Voyager 
magazine described in great detail how the space station was 
first conceived and later constructed.  
(A) mentioned 
(B) illustrated 
(C) appeared  
(D) related 
129. Linda said she doesn't mind missing the Claymore's 
concert on Saturday since the band will probably be back here 
------- next summer. 
(A) once 
(B) again  
(C) still 
(D) indeed 
130. When asked if they ever regretted ------- most of their 
fortune to charity, the wealthy philanthropists replied by saying 
that they wished they had more to offer.  
(A) donations 
(B) donated 
(C) donating  
(D) donates 
[해커스토익] 2013년 9월 김동영 선생님 예상문제 
http://www.Hackers.co.kr 
131. Wilfreda Cabello, the principal soloist for Mexico's Ballet 
Romantico, was heavily praised by critics for giving a  ------- 
performance during last night's staging of Giselle at the New 
Market Theater in downtown Boston. 
(A) sheer 
(B) flawless  
(C) requisite 
(D) tolerable 
132. The team from Stellar Events, composed mainly of 
marketing experts, craftspeople, and designers, ------- all the 
preparations for Merseyside's upcoming centennial celebration. 
(A) to make  
(B) was made 
(C) have made 
(D) has been making  
133. A representative from the Poll Management Bureau, 
which is responsible for testing vote-counting machines, says 
initial results show the machines produce highly ------- results.  
(A) authentic 
(B) economical 
(C) accurate  
(D) rational 
134. The payment of dues, attendance at quarterly meetings, 
and participation in major events are just a few of the ------- of 
membership in the Glendale Business Club. 
(A) arrangements  (B) exceptions 
(C) conditions   (D) charges 
135. All employees are encouraged to attend next month's 
seminar on leadership, as the knowledge they gain there will --
----- their skills no matter where they practice their professions.  
(A) perceive   (B) distinguish 
(C) maximize  (D) complement  
136. A small but efficient staff of maintenance workers is 
responsible for the ------- of all the rooms and facilities at 
Idaho's Mountain Ranch Resort. 
(A) outpost   
(B) upkeep  
(C) sideswipe   
(D) overflow 
137. During orientation on your first day of work, the training 
manager will explain ------- to access the company Intranet for 
the purpose of posting files. 
(A) who    
(B) how  
(C) that    
(D) why 
138. According to the brochure, registration fees for the 
investment seminar are ------- tea, coffee, and light 
refreshments for all the days of the event. 
(A) inclusion   
(B) including 
(C) includes   
(D) inclusive  
139. ------- the governor's warnings to avoid driving in the 
middle of the rainstorm, dozens of motorists were found 
stranded in their vehicles, unable to cross heavily flooded 
roads.  
(A) Except for   
(B) In spite of  
(C) For the sake of  
(D) In the event that 
140. Holders of a learner's permit who have maintained a 
clean driving record for at least nine months may then ------- 
what is known as a provisional driver's license, which allows 
them to operate a vehicle unsupervised. 
(A) enable  (B) advance 
(C) obtain   (D) qualify 
[해커스토익] 2013년 9월 김동영 선생님 예상문제 
http://www.Hackers.co.kr 
Questions 141-143 refer to the following e-mail. 
To: Dale Waterston <d_waters@snipmail.com> 
From: <noreply@accounts.snipmail.com> 
Subject: Recent account activity  
Date: December 17 
Dear Mr. Waterston, 
You are being sent this notification because the password for 
your Snipmail account, d_waters@snipmail.com, was recently 
-------. If you performed this change, or authorized  
141. (A) requested   (B) accepted 
(C) modified     (D) retrieved 
someone else to do it on your behalf, then you do not need to 
do anything more. 
Simply ignore this message. However, if you did not authorize 
any changes to your password, then it is possible that your e-
mail account -------. To ensure the safety of 
142. (A) compromises        (B) compromising 
(C) will be compromised  (D) has been compromised  
your data and regain access to your account, you will need to 
reset your password by clicking on this link: Reset password. 
A second message will be sent to you to confirm any changes. 
Please note: This is an automatically generated message. If 
you require ------- assistance, you will need to visit our 
143. (A) live         (B) physical 
(C) impending   (D) temporary 
help page at www.snipmail.com/help to chat one-on-one with 
a customer service representative, or call 555-2039. 
Sincerely, 
Your Friends at Snipmail.com 
Questions 144-146 refer to the following advertisement. 
Sacramento residents hoping to escape the stresses of daily 
life should pay a visit to Ilsa Johnston's Hypno Spa. Situated in 
a beautiful location overlooking Riverside Park, Hypno Spa 
offers a set of luxury treatments ------- to appease tired  
144. (A) shaped    (B) imagined 
(C) assumed    (D) designed  
minds and bodies. For those who may be unfamiliar with Ms. 
Johnston, she gained a reputation for being L.A.'s massage 
therapist to the stars, pioneering the use of hypnosis and 
massage to create a ------- spa experience. At  
145. (A) separate      (B) unique  
(C) standard     (D) frequent 
Hypno Spa, guests can enjoy the soothing qualities of a 
traditional massage combined with the deep relaxation 
afforded by Ms. Johnston's hypnotherapy techniques.      ---
----, for those who prefer to be pampered in the comfort  
146. (A) Above all   (B) For example 
(C) In addition   (D) To demonstrate 
of familiar surroundings, Hypno Spa provides a home service 
for a small additional charge. For more information about 
Hypno Spa, and to find out why a visit would be well worth 
your time, go to www.hypnospa.com. 
[해커스토익] 2013년 9월 김동영 선생님 예상문제 
http://www.Hackers.co.kr 
Questions 147-149 refer to the following notice. 
TITUS HARDWARE 
To Our Valued Customers 
As you may already be aware, maintenance workers 
conducting routine ------- at our Elm Street branch in  
147. (A) questions   (B) training 
(C) exercises     (D) inspections  
Lynchburg discovered indications of a serious problem with 
the building's heating and electrical systems. After evaluating 
the matter further, we have decided that, for the safety and 
convenience of all concerned, the entire location must be 
shut down and repairs undertaken as soon as possible. ------- 
the extent of repairs that may be  
148. (A) Before   (B) Because  
(C) Unless    (D) Whether 
required is still not known, the store will be closed until further 
notice starting on Thursday, November 16. We regret that this 
action is unavoidable, but we look forward to serving you 
again once we have reopened. In the meantime, customers --
----- to our branches in Bedford,  
149. (A) direct      (B) are directed  
(C) directed     (D) have directed 
Evington, and Monroe. Moreover, customers may continue to 
place orders through our Web site at www.titushardware.com. 
Thank you for your patience and understanding. 
Harold Union 
Regional manager 
Titus Hardware Stores 
정답 및 예상강의는 www.hackers.co.kr에서 확인하세요. 
다양한 최신 경향의 토익 예상강의를 무료로 해커스영어 
에서 확인할 수 있습니다.  
Questions 150-152 refer to the following e-mail. 
To: George Lyttle <g_lyttle27@> 
From: Anna Price <cust_serv@smallbizseminars.com> 
Subject: Thank you for registering with us 
Date: April 4 
Dear Mr. Lyttle, 
Thank you for registering with smallbizseminars.com. As a 
registered member, you now have access to hundreds of our 
------- web seminars. Each seminar, presented by an 
150. (A) reported   (B) educated 
(C) recorded    (D) officiated 
instructor with real-life experience as a small business owner, 
may be streamed directly from our Web site and comes with 
free downloadable worksheets and links to other resources. 
You may also be interested to know that we have just added 
some new features to our Web site.   ------- these are a 
seminar rating system and a community  
151. (A) Among  (B) Beyond 
(C) About  (D) Besides 
page where you can interact with thousands of other small 
business owners like yourself. Please explore the site to learn 
more about these enhancements and all the other benefits 
available to you. Lastly, don't forget to enjoy the free seminar 
attached with our introductory offer. To make use of this offer, 
------- select a video from the menu and  
152. (A) approvingly   (B) technically 
(C) eventually    (D) simply  
enter this coupon code when prompted: SBSC91567. Thank 
you and please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any 
questions or concerns. 
Sincerely, 
Anna Price 
Customer associate 
smallbizseminars.com 
http://www.hackers.co.kr/
http://www.hackers.co.kr/
