untitled
Fashion Tip!Fashion Tip!Fashion Tip!
Welcome to Safe! - 
the magazine 
bringing you news 
about fashion, 
hair, beauty and 
keeping safe while 
you’re out enjoying 
yourselves in pubs 
and clubs.  Our 
editor Vod Carr 
has a special 
message for you:  
“I hope you read 
this magazine and 
smile, but pleaseplease 
girls bear this in 
mind before you 
go out - Don’t 
overdo it, friends 
stick together and 
get home safe”
WK Dee our fashion editor writes….
For those of you intent on getting 
ratted this weekend, THINK...
‘If you fall over or pass out, remember your skirt or dress may ride 
up!!  You could show off more than you intended - for all our sakes, 
please make sure you’re wearing nice pants and that you’ve recently 
had a wax.’  
Better still, eat before you go out, think about how much you’re 
drinking, pace yourself and drink plenty of water in between bevvies, 
or better still, don’t get into this sorry state – it’s not nice’.
It's p
ants
Our hair and beauty editor Sam Boo’ka was recently asked about some 
of the effects of alcohol – here are 
her ‘Top 5’,  in no particular order:
•  Your skin becomes dehydrated 
– you will look like a wrinkly old prune
(drink 2 litres of water a day to help).
•  Alcohol can give you spots and make 
you fat – you will look like a plump prune 
(the stronger the alcohol the more calories it usually contains). 
•  Unattractive broken veins on the skin’s surface 
– your face will look like an embarrassed prune (these won’t go away).
•  Bloodshot eyes – no one will want to gaze lovingly into them.
•  If you get into a fight then serious, lasting damage can occur 
– the type that makeup cannot cover up easily (almost two thirds 
of facial injuries happen as a result of too much alcohol).
Remember - you are beautiful, stay that way!!
HAIR & BEAUTYHAIR & BEAUTY Ask Sam
Ask 
Sam
You prune!
Spreads AMENDED  4/7/06  15:33  Page 3
Real Life
--Story--
Sally*, 26 of Suffolk says  “I don’t get to go clubbing much these days, but when 
Georgi* my work mate suggested a night on the town, I jumped at the chance.”
“But the night turned to disaster, Georgi and I decided to start things rolling 
before we left the house, downing more than a few voddies before leaving 
home.  We had a great laugh getting ready and both looked well fit 
– we would pull tonight.”“Once in town, we hit 6 pubs in 2 hours.  I normally stick to wine, but there 
were so many cheap deals on booze, we drank whatever was on offer.  By the 
time we got to the club, Georgi was a wreck.”  
“Georgi was still able to point out that my skirt was tucked into my pants, 
and that I had loo roll on the bottom of my shoe.  The drink was really making 
me look and feel a mess and I knew that I had to sober up a bit if I was going to 
last the night.”
“Once inside the club, Georgi deserted me.  She bumped into a bloke she 
used to know called Bob*.  The last I saw was her and Bob getting 
really friendly and snogging as they danced.  I was so fed up I 
decided to go home.”“The cold air hit me and I stumbled from pavement to pavement 
-I must have drunk loads more than I thought.  The next thing 
I remember was waking up in a cell at the Nick.  Apparently, 
I had shouted, sworn and hit out at the copper who tried to 
help me. I was alone, drunk and an easy target  - anything could 
have happened to me.”“I am so embarrassed. What if someone I knew saw me?  I kicked off so much 
I was given a fixed penalty ticket that cost me £80.00.  My fingerprints and 
DNA were also taken which means that I’m now on the National Data Base 
along with real criminals like rapists and murderers. ”
“What a mess.”
*names changed to avoid further embarrassment. 
Cops 'Locked me in 
at the Inn’
Spreads AMENDED  4/7/06  15:33  Page 6
The simple way to 
improve your night out
Friends everywhere are discovering that 
looking out for each other and 
sticking together keeps them safer.  
It’s also guaranteed to make a night out 
enjoyable and a good laugh, 
so why not try it for yourself?
‘FRIENDS STICK TOGETHER’
Confused about alcoholic units and safe drinking 
amounts?  Here’s a simple guide to make sure that 
you don’t go over your limit.
Women should drink no more than 2-3 units 
per day.  That’s approximately...
Alcopops  1.4 units or 
250 calories 
1 Pint of lager  2.5 units or 
200 calories 
Single spirit & mixer  1 unit or 
100 calories 
175ml wine  2 units 
or 120 calories 
Remember…
• The effects of alcohol will depend on what/how 
much you have eaten.  Have something to eat 
before you ‘hit the town’.
• Don’t save up your daily units and use them in 
one go at the weekend!! You could end up 
dangerously ill and poison yourself.
• If someone offers to buy to a drink, go with them 
to the bar so that you can check that they’re not 
ordering you a ‘double’ or ‘triple’.
• Never leave your drink unattended.
• Drink water or a soft drink in between booze  
and pace yourself.
You Are What 
You Drink
By Dr Keith McGillian
DOES YOUR MAN
KNOW HIS LIMITS?
3 - 4 UNITS PER DAY.
Spreads AMENDED  4/7/06  15:33  Page 7
IT’S AGONY!!
Aunty Bessy is here to listen to your 
problems and offer words of
wisdom and advice.
Dear Aunty Bessy
I don’t know who else to turn to.  My partner 
resents me going out with my friends or family.  
He says nasty things about the clothes I wear, tells 
me I am useless and that no one else would want 
me.  He’s so jealous,  and keeps phoning and 
texting when he does let me go out. I enjoy being 
‘hit on’ by other men when I’m out, it makes me 
feel good to think that I could still pull if I wanted 
to, but I love my man so I don’t take it any further 
than having a laugh with these other guys.
The other night my man ‘hit on’ me when I got 
home and I’ve got a black eye and split  lip. 
Sometimes he forces me to have sex with him. 
Other times he ignores me and punishes me by 
taking my phone, keys and money so I can’t go out. 
He is playing with my mind so that I don’t know 
anymore what to do to please him! He’s never hit 
me before and he’s promised he won’t do it again - 
but I am scared of him. He said it was all my fault 
and that I made him do it. Did I? Please help me. 
Bessy says...
My dear girl, it is important that you don’t blame 
yourself.  Your partner is choosing to hurt you and 
needs to change his behaviour.   A proper loving 
relationship is based on trust. One thing is for 
certain – physical, emotional or sexual abuse is an 
absolute ‘no no’.  I know that this is going to be 
hard for you, but I urge you to telephone the 
Domestic Violence 24hr Helpline on 0800 783 
5121 or call the Police on 01473 613500 and ask 
to speak to your local Victim Care Centre.  
They can provide information and support and 
referral to other agencies. So be strong and seek 
advice before matters get any worse. If he does 
assault you again call 999. 
Dear Aunty Bessy
My mate and I were out clubbing the other night.  
She met a bloke who I thought was a bit dodgy, 
but she decided to go off with him, even though I 
said it wasn’t a good idea.    She knew I’d be OK 
’cause I’d also bumped into some other mates and 
knew that I would go home with them.
It’s not me I am worried about, it’s her ’cause she 
said that the bloke really tried it on and took 
things too far.  She managed to get away from him, 
but it could have turned nasty.  What should we do 
in future?
Bessy says...
What a very lucky escape my dear.  Isn’t it a worry 
how a few too many drinks can affect judgement 
so badly?    
If it happens again, (and I sincerely 
hope that it doesn’t), why not take 
a photo of whoever your friend 
is about to go off with using 
your camera phone if you have 
one – that way you can show 
her what terrible judgement 
she has when drunk, or if 
the worst comes to the 
worst, show the photo to 
the police if you need to.
Spreads AMENDED  4/7/06  15:33  Page 5
Safe!:  How long have you been a driver?
S:  For nearly 9 years, I work for a Private Hire Operator.  It’s a great job and one that I enjoy. 
I take my job very seriously and feel that I am here to serve the local community. Many of our 
customers pre-book their return journey before they go out. 
Safe!: Book?  Why do people do that?  
S:  People do it for peace of mind, especially those who are out for an evening in town. They want 
to know that they'll get home safely at the end of the night. I always tell people to book in advance.  
When the car pulls up, ask the driver who he/she is collecting - that way you’ll know its your 
ride. Most drivers will wait when they drop you off, to make sure that you’re safely home 
before leaving you.
Safe!:  Does it cost more to pre-book?
S:  No, but what my colleagues and I ask is that if you do pre-book then please make sure you’re 
there on time to meet us.
Safe!: We sometimes hear stories on the news about unlicensed cabs or people posing as Taxi 
drivers - what do we need to look out for?
S:  Well, apart from pre-booking your ride, you could always walk with a friend to a Licensed 
Private Hire Operator’s office, where you should be able to wait in the warm until one becomes 
available.  Alternatively, you can use a Taxi from a rank.  These vehicles have a different set of rules 
and regulations to follow.
Safe!: Can you tell us what to look out for?
S:  Check that the Private Hire car or Taxi you’re about to get into has its licence plate on display 
(at the rear of the vehicle).  Like Private Hire Drivers, the driver must wear an ID badge - if you 
can’t see a badge, ask to see it before you get in. Unlike Private Hire Vehicles, Hackney Carriages 
(Taxis) can also be ‘hailed’ down on the street.  They have to display a roof sign saying ‘TAXI’.   
Also make sure that the Taxi has all its other licence plates on display before you get in.  
All vehicles, both Private Hire and Hackney Carriage will also display a small licence plate 
inside the vehicle (usually on the front dash or kerb-side of the windscreen). 
Safe!:  What else do we need to be mindful of?
S:  One last point - if you’re sick in a vehicle it’s going to cost you lots of money to get it 
professionally cleaned.  The cabbie could also claim loss of earnings and report you to the 
police - a very expensive night out!
Safe!:  Thanks for talking to us, Stuart.  Getting home safely at the end of a night out is very 
important.  I’m sure all our readers will think about booking their ride home in future.
In this edition of Safe! We explore the differences between 
the Taxi Cab (Hackney Carriage) and Private Hire Vehicles.  
We talk to Stuart K, a local driver about his job and why 
we should all have a contact number for a reliable lift 
home kept safely in our handbags...
Book YOUR Ride
Spreads AMENDED  4/7/06  15:33  Page 8
Fashion Tip!
please
HAIR & BEAUTY !Ask Sam
Our resident stargazer Stella Attwah has 
looked at the stars, here’s what she saw
……. It’s worth reading them all x
Horoscopes
Stella Attwah
Scorpio 
They say you have a ‘sting in your tail’, so just 
make sure that if you’re going to ‘play’ this 
weekend, play ‘safe’ so that you don’t have a 
sting anywhere else in the morning!
Sagittarius
A tall handsome stranger pays you lots of 
attention, but is this wanted? You decide 
and stay in control – Remember, ‘No’ means 
‘No’ and ‘Stop’ means ‘Stop’.
Capricorn
The new outfit you bought for the weekend 
makes you look fantastic! Will it look so 
great if you get drunk and are sick over it?
Aquarius
You’re a great mover on the dance floor and 
really ‘give it large’ so drink plenty of water to 
keep hydrated - especially if you are drinking 
alcohol as well.
Pisces
Being a sensitive soul, you gladly help out a 
mate in trouble this week. The question 
is, would your friends do the same and stick 
by you in times of need?
Aries
Destiny brings a few after work drinks with an 
old acquaintance.  What will your boss think if 
you turn up at work tomorrow with a 
hangover?
Taurus
A recent rift needs sorting out.  Everyone 
expects you to be the ‘Bull in the China
Shop’, as usual.  Think before you act - don’t 
let things get out of control and turn into a 
fight, you might get hurt (or arrested).
Gemini
Which ‘twin’ are you when you’ve had too 
much to drink?  The quiet happy twin who’s 
friends with everyone or a booze monster 
who should have said ‘no’ to that last drink?
Cancer
You like a laugh, but shouting and swearing in 
the town will get you into trouble if you’re 
not careful.  Also, it’s not going to make you 
look attractive.
Leo
A full moon at the weekend is not a good 
idea.  You will probably get caught on CCTV 
and could face a fine for this type of prank.   
Virgo
That healthy eating plan you have stuck to this 
week has certainly made a difference.  
Your skin, eyes and hair positively shine!  
Everyone is paying you lots of attention
and it’s great!  Tell your friends the secret. 
Libra
By nature, you constantly weigh up situations, 
so when someone tries to persuade you to 
get into their car for a lift home, you are right 
to be cautious and refuse - grab a cab instead.
“I see drunk people”
Spreads AMENDED  4/7/06  15:33  Page 4
SAFE! HELP AND ADVICE
Alcohol
For support, advice and treatment services, contact
Alcoholics Anonymous (AA): 
0845 7697555
NORCAS: 
Ipswich 01473 259382
Lowestoft 01502 513444
Personal 
Safety
Suffolk Police 
01473 613500
Suffolk 24 hour Domestic 
Violence and Abuse Helpline
0800 7835121
In an emergency ALWAYS DIAL 999
WASTELIFE
MINGER TO FIT
6pm Get back from Shopping
7pm Start to get ready (have a drink or two)
8pm Hit the town - more booze
9pm A few more drinks and a laugh with the ‘minger’ at  (1)
10pm On to a club with my mates 
11pm I’m not interested in (1), but he looks a bit better now (2)
12am He’s still chatting me up – he’s not bad really (3)
2am He’s asked me back to his - he’s fit (4)
4am I’m in love!!
10am I’ve woken up with a ‘minger’ (1)
–––– 9 months later – to be released?! ––––
Latest mobile phone?  
Flash MP3 player? 
Gone out with a purse full 
of money or credit cards?  
Think about what you’re 
taking out with you –
what have you got ‘on show’?  
Keep valuables under wraps – 
don’t tempt a thief
to pinch your assets.
If you’ve got it
- don’t flaunt it
1
2
3 4
DRUGS
For general info. and local support 
and treatment services contact:
Suffolk Drugs Helpline: 0808 800 1122
or talk to FRANK: 0800 776600
To report information about drug use in your area
phone in confidence: CRIMESTOPPERS on 0800 555111
Book
your
ride!
Don’t overdo it
Friends stick together
Get home safe
www.nightsafe.co.uk
Pubwatch and Clubwatch members
support and work with all agencies
to ensure you have a safe night out.
Spreads AMENDED  4/7/06  15:33  Page 1
